== Welcome to Skillet

Skillet takes the task of learning how to cook (offline) and turns it into a game (online). Embark on cooking quests, share your dish, and earn points to unlock new recipes.

Play. Learn. Cook.

== How it Works

Sign up or login, then feel free to explore the different 'Quests' in the different 'Pots' (aka: categories). Once you find a Quest you like, go to that page. You'll notice that each Quest has a certain number of 'Tiers' (aka: recipes) to be completed on it. So why can you only see the first one?

The idea behind Skillet is that each recipe you encounter builds on the skills gained in the recipe before it. So rather than show you an alarming amount of recipes right from the start, like most websites do, Skillet keeps it simple: you can only see one recipe, on a given Quest at a time. Make your ways through the Tiers to unlock new tiers (and discover your newfound kick-ass cooking abilities)!

Each cooking Quest represents a compact set of skills, making it simpler for beginners (and even more advanced cooks) to focus on attaining specific goals and learning only what they want to learn. That being said, variety is key when learning to cook, so you can of course be "on" several Quests at the same time, just don't forget to submit the right photo for the right recipe in the corresponding Quest!

== About Tier Submission

Trying to connect an offline activity (such as cooking) to an online response (such as getting points) is tough. So how to keep users accountable? Ask them to submit a picture of their "rendition" of a given Tier. Follow a recipe, submit a photo and caption for your Tier completion and see your item show up on the live feed. The feed only shows items that need approval votes, once an item gets two votes, it disappears. And no, you little scoundrel, you can't vote for your own Tier submission, nice try!

== So What About Cheaters?

Sure, you can cheat and take pictures online and submit them as your own "work", and sure, as the app stands now you'll get your points... but then you're not really going to learn how to cook are you? Yes, Skillet is a game, but the gaming portion of the app isn't its main feature: the fact that it teaches you HOW TO COOK is the main, the coolest feature! I have a few ideas to help discourage cheating in the future, such as only allowing photo submissions from Instragram (maybe it's slightly less likely that people will publicly declare a dish as their own work when that message is going out to all their friends and followers?). I have other ideas in mind, but I'm more than open to suggestions!!

== The Future of Skillet

I have lots of plans for Skillet in the future. More on that later, I want to surprise you! In the meantime, feel free to send me ideas!
